Answers & Explanations _
All IncorrectCorrect
Correct		
 
1)	Which statement about products and price books is true?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Products without a price re automatically added to the standard price book
 	B.	Price books that contain assets cannot contain products
 	C.	The standard and list price for a product can be listed in multiple currencies 
 	D.	A product can have a different list price in different price books

Ans = C, D	
 
2)	Which statement is true regarding the Answers community?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Community experts must be internal Salesforce users
 	B.	Unanswered questions are automatically escalated to new cases
 	C.	Answers can be displayed externally on a customer or partner portal
 	D.	Data categories control access to articles and questions
Ans = C, D	
 
3)	What should a system administrator consider when setting up Mobile Lite?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	It must be enabled for the entire organization (Your Answer)
 	B.	It allows access to all standard objects in the organization (Missed)
 	C.	Only recently viewed records are synchronized
 	D.	It allows access to most custom objects in me organization (Your Answer)
 	Discuss this Question	

ANS = A,B

4)	Universal Containers wants to create a custom object to capture survey data. Users must be able to select an account from the survey record. Users also need the ability to view related surveys on the account record.How should the system administrator meet these requirements?
 	
 	A.	Add the survey related list to the account page layout
 	B.	Add the account related list to the survey page layout
 	C.	Create a lookup relationship field on the survey object
 	D.	Create a lookup relationship field on the account object

ANS = A,C		
 
5)	Universal Containers currently assigns its users from the facilities and IT teams to the same profile. Universal Containers recently created a custom object to track company cars and wants only users from the facilities team to have access to this new object.How can an administrator meet this requirement?
 	
 	A.	Create a custom profile for users on the facilities team.
 	B.	Configure field-level security on the new object for the facilities team  
 	C.	Modify me standard profile currently shared by both teams
 	D.	Assign the facilities team to a new role in the role hierarchy
 	Discuss this Question	

ANS = A		
 
6)	Which setting can a system administrator enable in the Salesforce user interface?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Related list hover links
 	B.	Printable list views
 	C.	Customizable recent tags
 	D.	Chatter Messenger for specific users

ANS = AB	
 
7)	Universal Containers set the organization-wide defaults for cases to private. When a case is escalated, case ownership changes to a Tier 2 support agent.How can a system administrator give the sales operations team read/write access to all escalated cases?
 	
 	A.	Create an ownership-based sharing rule
 	B.	Create a case escalation rule
 	C.	Create a case assignment rule
 	D.	Create a criteria-based sharing rule  
 	Discuss this Question	

ANS = B	
 
8)	What can an administrator configure for users on the search results page?Choose 3 answers
 	
 	A.	Filters by which users can narrow down results (Missed)
 	B.	Fields being searched on for each object (Your Answer)
 	C.	Columns displayed for each object
 	D.	Objects included in the search (Your Answer)
 	E.	Number pf records displayed for each object (Your Answer)
 	Discuss this Question	

ANS - ADE		
 
9)	What can be done with a workflow field update action?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Change the record type of a record (Your Answer)
 	B.	Update the value of a field on a child object (Missed)
 	C.	Update me value of a formula field
 	D.	Apply a specific value to a field (Your Answer)
 	Discuss this Question	

ANS = BD	
 
10)	How can a system administrator add users to a salesforce organization using Chatter Free?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Enable invites to allow users to invite others within specified email domains (Missed)
 	B.	Assign Chatter Free l incenses to existing Saleforce users (Your Answer)
 	C.	Assign Chatter Free licenses to users outside the specified email domains
 	D.	Create users in the organization and assign them a Chatter free license (Your Answer)
 	Discuss this Question	

ANS = AD	
 
11)	Which dashboard component can display data from summary rows of a report?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Chart (Your Answer)
 	B.	Gauge (Missed)
 	C.	Metric (Missed)
 	D.	Table (Your Answer)
 	Discuss this Question	

ANS = BC		
 
12)	How can a sales user relate an opportunity to a campaign?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Use the campaign influence related list on the opportunity
 	B.	Select the primary campaign source for the opportunity
 	C.	Select the campaign record type when creating the opportunity
 	D.	Use the campaign hierarchy related list on the opportunity

ANS = AB		
 
13)	Sales management at universal Containers needs to display the information listed below on each account record- Amount of all closed won opportunities- Amount of all open opportunitiesWhich feature should a system administrator use to meet this requirement?
 	
 	A.	Roll-up summary fields
 	B.	Calculated columns in the related list
 	C.	Workflow rules with fields updates
 	D.	Cross-object formula fields

ANS = A		
 
14)	Where can the multilingual solution search feature be enabled?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Self-service portal
 	B.	Solution tab search
 	C.	Public Knowledge Base
 	D.	Salesforce Content

ANS = AC

15)	A time-dependent action is placed in the workflow queue when the record is created.When will the action be removed from the queue?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	When the action is deleted from the workflow queue
 	B.	When the record no longer matches the rule criteria
 	C.	When a validation rule is triggered for the record
 	D.	When another record triggers the same workflow rule

ANS = AB	
 
16)	Universal containers has two business groups, Products and Services. Bot groups will be using opportunities to track deals, but the different fields are required by each group.How should a system administrator meet this requirement?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Create two permission sets
 	B.	Create two page layouts (Missed)
 	C.	Create two sales processes (Your Answer)
 	D.	Create two record types (Your Answer)
 	Discuss this Question	
ANS = BD		
 
17)	What will occur when a system administrator creates a dynamic dashboard?
 	
 	A.	The dashboard components resize based on the device used to view the dashboard
 	B.	The data displayed varies based on the user viewing the dashboard
 	C.	The dashboard automatically sends an email when the underlying data changes
 	D.	The dashboard refreshes automatically whenever the underlying data changes
ANS = B		
 
18)	What can be transferred from one user to another user using a mass transfer of account records?Choose 3 answers
 	
 	A.	Related custom object records
 	B.	Open activities
 	C.	Open cases
 	D.	Closed activities
 	E.	Closed cases
ANS = BDE		
 
19)	When can a validation rule be used to prevent invalid data?Choose 3 answers
 	
 	A.	When records are submitted using web-to-lead
 	B.	When records are imported
 	C.	When records are deleted by user
 	D.	When records are edited by a user
 	E.	When records are updated by a workflow rule
ABD		
 
20)	Universal Containers has two sales groups. Each group has its own unique sales process.What is the best way to ensure that sales representatives have access to only the stages relevant to their sales process when working on opportunities?
 	
 	A.	Page layouts
 	B.	Multi-select picklists
 	XC.	Record types
 	D.	Roles
Correct		
 
21)	When converting a lead, how can an administrator capture custom lead data on the converted contact?
 	
 	A.	Use the data loader to move the custom lead data
 	XB.	Map custom lead fields to custom contact fields
 	C.	Map custom lead Fields to standard contact fields
 	D.	Use the lead conversion wizard to select the fields
Incorrect		
 
22)	What is a capability of the Service Cloud (customer) portal?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	The portal can be customized with corporate branding (Your Answer)
 	XB.	Customers can view and edit contacts related to their own accounts (Missed)
 	XC.	Customers can log, view, edit, and does their own cases (Your Answer)
 	D.	The portal and its users can be created without additional licensing
 	Discuss this Question	
Correct		
 
23)	Universal Containers uses web-to-case to convert support requests submitted through its website into cases. The support team would like Salesforce to automatically send an email containing password reset instructions to the customer when the case subject contains the words "forgot" and "password".What does the administrator need to configure to meet this requirement?
 	
 	A.	Validation rule
 	B.	Support settings
 	XC.	Auto-response rule
 	D.	Email-to-case
Correct		
 
24)	What is the purpose of the AppExchange?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Partners can download accounts and contacts to collaborate on sales deals
 	XB.	Administrators an download and customize pre-built dashboards and reports 
 	C.	Support users can install the Service Cloud console custom app
 	XD.	Customers can share and install apps published by Salesforce partners
Incorrect		
 
25)	Where can conditional highlighting be used?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Tabular reports (Your Answer)
 	XB.	Matrix reports (Missed)
 	XC.	Summary reports (Your Answer)
 	D.	Enhanced list views
 	Discuss this Question	
Incorrect		
 
26)	What should an administrator consider when setting up Case Feed?
 	
 	A.	The Use Case Feed permission is automatically active for all profile
 	XB.	Case Feed requires the Service Cloud User feature license
 	C.	Chatter Feed tracking must be enabled for the case object  
 	D.	Case Feed replaces the standard case detail page by default
 	Discuss this Question	
Correct		
 
27)	What must an administrator do when creating a record type?
 	
 	A.	Set the field-level security for the record type
 	B.	Add the record type to the required user records
 	XC.	Assign the record type to the appropriate profiles
 	D.	Create a new page layout for the record type
Correct		
 
28)	What will happen when a user attempts to log in to Salesforce from an IP address that is outside the login IP range on the user's profile but within the organization-wide trusted IP range?
 	
 	A.	The user will be able to log in alter answering a security question
 	B.	The user will be able to log in alter the computer is activated
 	XC.	The user will not be able to log in at all
 	D.	The user will be able to log in without activating the computer
Correct		
 
29)	A user responsible for managing and creating campaigns us unable to create a new campaign, even though the user's profile has the "Create" profile permission for Campaigns.How should a system administrator grant the correct access to the user?
 	
 	A.	Grant the user delegated administration rights to campaigns
 	XB.	Select me Marketing user checkbox on the user record
 	C.	Create a campaign sharing rule to grant access to the user
 	D.	Assign the user to the standard Marketing User profile
Correct		
 
30)	What is a capability of Salesforce Knowledge?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	XA.	Knowledge only allows a single article type across all data categories
 	B.	Knowledge uses data categories and roles to make articles visible to specific users
 	C.	Knowledge automatically creates a solution for each new article
 	XD.	Knowledge allows an organization to share articles with partner portal users 
Incorrect		
 
31)	What permission is set in a user's profile?Choose 3 answers
 	
 	XA.	Run Reports (Your Answer)
 	XB.	Object Permissions (Your Answer)
 	XC.	Mass Email (Missed)
 	D.	Marketing user (Your Answer)
 	E.	Active
 	Discuss this Question	
Correct		
 
32)	The sales team at Universal Containers wants an easy solution to gather customer requirements and share presentations with their customers.What should an administrator do to help the sales team achieve this goal?
 	
 	XA.	Add customers to private Chatter groups
 	XB.	Use Chatters files to share presentations
 	C.	Add customers to libraries
 	D.	Create opportunity teams for customers
Incorrect		
 
33)	Universal Containers is using a private sharing model. The US sales director needs to full access to all records owned by the US sales representatives.How can this accomplished?
 	
 	A.	Define a role hierarchy where the US sales director rolls up to the CEO
 	XB.	Give the us sales director read/write/edit/delete object permissions on the profile
 	C.	Place the US sales director in a queue with US sales representatives
 	D.	Define a role hierarchy where the US sales representatives roll up to the US sales director  
 	Discuss this Question	
Incorrect		
 
34)	What is affected by changing the default locale setting for an organization?
 	
 	A.	Currency
 	B.	Language  
 	XC.	Date fields
 	D.	Time zone
 	Discuss this Question	
Correct		
 
35)	The administrator at Universal Containers will create a custom field to track a specific Tier 2 support user on a case record.What data type should be used when creating this custom field?
 	
 	A.	Hierarchical relationship
 	B.	Formula
 	XC.	Lookup relationship
 	D.	Lookup filter
Correct		
 
36)	Which circumstance will prevent a system administrator from deleting a custom field?
 	
 	A.	The field is part of a field dependency
 	B.	The field is used in a report
 	C.	The field is used in a page layout
 	XD.	The field is used in a workflow field update
Correct		
 
37)	A user at Universal Containers reports an error message when attempting to log in. The administrator checks the user's login history, but there is no record of the attempted login.What could be the cause of the issue?
 	
 	A.	The user is attempting to log in with the wrong password
 	B.	The user is attempting to log in outside of the profile IP login range
 	XC.	The user is attempting to log in in the wrong username
 	D.	The user is attempting to log in outside of the profile login hours
Correct		
 
38)	What tab setting on a profile makes a tab NOT accessible on the All Tabs page or visible in any apps?
 	
 	XA.	Tab Hidden
 	B.	Default On
 	C.	Default Off
 	D.	Read-Only
Correct		
 
39)	Universal Containers requires that the organization-wide default for opportunities be set to public read/write. However, sales users are complaining that the opportunity reports return too many results, making it difficult to Find their team's opportunities in the report results.How can the system administrator address this problem?
 	
 	A.	Move the opportunity reports into a folder with restricted access
 	XB.	Use the Show filter to filter report results and reduce records returned
 	C.	Move the opportunity reports into each user's personal report folder
 	D.	Update the sharing rules to limit user access to certain opportunities
Correct		
 
40)	Universal Containers has a private sharing model in which regional sales managers are only allowed to view opportunities in their own regions. For reporting purposes, they additionally need read-only access to opportunities in other regions.What permission can a system administrator enable to meet this requirement in the regional sales managers' custom profiles?
 	
 	A.	"View All Data"
 	B.	"Read" for opportunities
 	XC.	"View All" for opportunities
 	D.	"Visible" for the Sales app
Correct		
 
41)	A sales user at universal Containers has updated the opportunity stage for an opportunity in the pipeline.What may be updated as a result of the stage change?choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Account rating
 	B.	Sales quota
 	XC.	Forecast category
 	XD.	Probability
Incorrect		
 
42)	Which statement about Chatter posts and comments is true?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Posts to a user's profile can be made private by clicking the lock icon (Your Answer)
 	XB.	Updates to the Chatter feed on a record are only visible to users with access to the record (Your Answer)
 	C.	Posts to a user's profile are hidden from anyone below that user in the role hierarchy
 	XD.	Posts made to a user's profile are visible to all users in the organization (Missed)
 	Discuss this Question	
Incorrect		
 
43)	The cloud scheduler has which capability?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	The cloud scheduler can be enabled at the user profile level (Your Answer)
 	B.	The cloud scheduler allows users to view available meeting times on lead and contact calendars
 	XC.	A custom logo can be added to the meeting request email sent to a contact or lead (Missed)
 	XD.	Salesforce can automatically propose multiple meeting times base on Salesforce user calendars (Your Answer)
 	Discuss this Question	
Correct		
 
44)	Universal Containers needs to synchronize data between Salesforce and an external financial system.How can a system administrator accomplish this?
 	
 	A.	Use the data loader to upsert Salesforce records unto financial system
 	B.	Use the Excel connector to export records from both systems into Excel
 	XC.	Use an external ID field to match records between the systems
 	D.	Use the data loader to match records between the systems
Correct		
 
45)	What item appears in a user's My Unresolved Items after synchronization using Salesforce for Outlook?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Notes not associated to a record
 	B.	Cases not assigned to a contact
 	Xc.	Contacts not assigned to an account
 	XD.	Emails not associated to a record
Correct		
 
46)	The marketing team at Universal Containers users a web-to-lead form to capture lead from its website and a lead assignment rule to assign the leads to the appropriate sales representatives.How can a system administrator ensure that all leads are handled even when they do not meet the assignment criteria?
 	
 	XA.	Specify a default lead owner
 	B.	Specify a default lead creator
 	C.	Create an escalation rule to route unassigned leads
 	D.	Create a validation rule to route unassigned leads
Incorrect		
 
47)	Which data can be highlighted in a report using conditional highlighting?Choose 3 answers
 	
 	A.	Grouped by field names (Your Answer)
 	XB.	Summarized totals (Your Answer)
 	XC.	Summary formulas (Missed)
 	D.	Date fields (Your Answer)
 	XE.	Grand totals (Missed)
 	Discuss this Question	
Correct		
 
48)	What type of field allows users to input text, images, and links?
 	
 	XA.	Text area (rich)
 	B.	Text area
 	C.	Text and image area
 	D.	Input area
Correct		
 
49)	What feature allows a user to group campaigns within a specific marketing program or initiative?
 	
 	XA.	Campaign hierarchy
 	B.	Campaign members
 	C.	Campaign lists
 	D.	Campaign influence
Correct		
 
50)	What does the controlling field determine when field dependencies are being created?
 	
 	A.	The dependent fields that appear on a layout
 	XB.	The values that appear in the dependent field
 	C.	The default value populated in the dependent field
 	D.	The field-level security for the dependent field
Incorrect		
 
51)	Which feature license can be assigned to a user record in Salesforce?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Console User (Your Answer)
 	XB.	Knowledge user (Your Answer)
 	XC.	Service Cloud user (Missed)
 	D.	Opportunity user
 	Discuss this Question	
Correct		
 
52)	What does a custom report type determine?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	XA.	The fields that can be used as columns when building a report
 	XB.	The objects that are available when building a report
 	C.	The custom summary formulas displayed in a resulting report
 	D.	The report format of the resulting report
Correct		
 
53)	A sales executive at Universal Containers wants to be notified whenever high-value opportunities are created for hot accounts.How should an administrator meet this requirement?
 	
 	A.	Create a validation rule that evaluates the account rating
 	XB.	Create a workflow rule on the opportunity object
 	C.	Create an auto-response rule on the opportunity object
 	D.	Create an escalation rule based on the opportunity amount
Correct		
 
54)	Which statement is true regarding an approval process?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	XA.	An approval anion defines the result of record approval or rejection
 	XB.	The approval history related list can be used to track the process
 	C.	A delegated approver can reassign approval requests
 	D.	An assignment rule defines the approver for each process step
Incorrect		
 
55)	What is a method for adding content to Saleforce CRM content?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	XA.	Attachments (Missed)
 	B.	Documents
 	C.	Chatter Files (Your Answer)
 	XD.	Libraries (Your Answer)
 	Discuss this Question	
Correct		
 
56)	
A system administrator at Universal Containers needs to mass update the lead source on a number of opportunity records. 

How can this be accomplished?Choose 2 answers

 	
 	A.	Export opportunities and update using the import wizard
 	B.	Use similar opportunities to update the opportunities
 	XC.	Export opportunities and update using the data loader
 	XD.	Create a list view for opportunities and update using inline editing
Incorrect		
 
57)	Universal containers wants to automatically back up all Salesforce data on a monthly basis.Which tool can a system administrator use to meet this requirement?
 	
 	A.	Data export service  
 	XB.	Analytic snapshot
 	C.	Import wizard
 	D.	Scheduled report
 	Discuss this Question	
Correct		
 
58)	Which statement about sharing rules is true?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	XA.	Sharing rules open up access to records
 	B.	Sharing rules are required in public read/write organizations
 	C.	Sharing rules grant delete access to records
 	XD.	Sharing rules grant record access to roles and public groups
Correct		
 
59)	Criteria-based sharing rules can be created for which objects?Choose 3 answers
 	
 	A.	Users
 	B.	Campaign Members
 	XC.	Opportunities
 	XD.	Accounts
 	XE.	Contacts
Incorrect		
 
60)	How can a system administrator grant user access to dashboards?Choose 2 answers
 	
 	A.	Designate running users
 	XB.	Share folders with roles (Your Answer)
 	XC.	Share folders with public groups (Missed)
 	D.	Create and share data categories (Your Answer)
 	Discuss this Question